Algorithm Understanding
Prophet is a time series forecasting algorithm that is based on an additive model where non-linear trends are fit with yearly, weekly, and daily seasonality, plus holiday effects. It works best with time series that have strong seasonal effects and several seasons of historical data. Prophet is robust to missing data, shifts in the trend, and large outliers. LSTM is a type of recurrent neural network that is used

Why does an LSTM have poor performance against ARIMA and Profit for Time Series
LSTM does not have a good performance against ARIMA and Prophet because LSTM focuses on the sequence of the data and not the data itself. ARIMA and Prophet are more focused on the data itself and not the sequence of the data.

What is exponential smoothing and why is it used in Time Series Forecasting?
Exponential smoothing is a method of smoothing time series data to remove noise and better highlight the underlying trend. Timeseries data is often noisy, meaning that it contains random variations around a trend. Exponential smoothing is a method of smoothing time series data to remove noise and better highlight the underlying trend. Timeseries data noise may arise due to random variations or due to missing data. Natural catastrophes, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, and tsunamis, are examples of random variations. Missing data may arise due to equipment failure, human error, or other reasons.

What is stationarity? What is seasonality? Why Is Stationarity Important in Time Series Forecasting?
A stable seasonal pattern is not stationary in the sense that the mean of the series will vary across seasons and, hence, depends on time; but it is stationary in the sense that we can expect the same mean for the same month in different years. For claims data this is extremely important as well as financial reporting, retail seasonality for christmas etc. Most frozen pipe claims will occur in the winter months for the great lake region and the prairies. Also gas consumption will increase during the winter months and back to school shopping for winter months. Some seasonality is completely arbitrated by human laws and regulations and nothing to do with nature such as financial and legal claims are made in september. Also from the data its clearly observed that we must sell stocks in Sept and buy back in November for an easy arbitrage strategy. Business cycles cannot be predicted and are not predictable. Sears and GM are examples of companies that have gone bankrupt. Sears had a business cycle that was not predictable even though there were greater threata from Amazon to Walmart. The rise of the Big tech also was not easily predicted post the tech bubble circa 2001 post 9/11
How is seasonality different from cyclicality? Fill in the blanks: 
seasonality is predictable, whereas cyclicality is not.